In the recommendation, the Board of Directors of Monarch Books concludes that opening a cafe will allow Monarch to attract more customers and better compete with Regal Books, in the way of discontinuing the children’s book section to make space for the cafe. To justify this conclusion, Board of Directors mention that the children’s book area will probably become less popular according to a national-wide census. Nevertheless, this recommendation is specious on several grounds since a number of questions regarding the directors’ suggestion acquire further analysis.

First, it is questionable that whether the trend, which concluded from the national census, could be continue in the future. To better evaluate the recommendation, we need to put forward a question: Will the trend by the census continue in the future? If, given a possibility, Monarch may upgrade its facilities and hire more sophisticated middle-school teachers to attract many families with children under 10 years old from other cities even countries to settle down at Monarch. Under this circumstance, the Board of Directors' hasty decision of discontinuing the children’s book section is likely to produce a negative effect to Monarch Books. On the contrary, if this trend concluded by the census continues in the future, the Board of Directors will fin their recommendation strengthened.

Second, even though the trend in the census continue in the future, which means that the population of children under age ten will decline, it is still open to doubt that whether the decreasing trend of percentage of the population under age ten could lead to the result that books for children in Monarch will not be popular. Thus, we have to figure out whether the popularity of children’s books in March Books can be attribute to the decline of population under age ten. If the majority of buyer of children’s books in Monarch Books are the parents and they pay more attention on their children’s education in the next few years. The amount of books they buy from Monarch Books increase, and the degree of increase offset the decline rate population of children under ten years old, which means the total sell of children’s book in Monarch Books increase rather than decrease. Then we can conclude that there is no evidence that the decline of population under age ten is the cause of decline in popularity of children’s book in Monarch Books, which defeats the purpose of opening a cafe in the children’s book section. Reversely, if there is an evidence that the less popularity can be attribute to the population decline. The Board of Directors’ proposal is advisable.

Thirdly, whether opening a cafe in Monarch Books will allow it to attract more customers and better compete with Regal Books is an unanswered question. To obtain more persuasive judgement, we need to ask, are there any differences between the geographical characteristics of Monarch Books and Regal Books? If Regal Books is opened in the downtown nearby many office buildings, the office employees are more likely to have a coffee break. Since there are continuing customers who working nearby, Regal Books seized a good chance to make profit from them. In comparison, there are many chain brands cafe nearby Monarch Books, it is hard for Monarch Books to compete with these chain brands and to make profit. In this case, it would dissuade the Board of Directors from opening a cafe. In contrast, if the answer to the question is “no differences”, it will bolster the directors’ suggestion.

To sum up, it is unreasonable for the directors to open up a cafe not to mention consider it the best measure. We need to ask the question mentioned above, and the answers to the question would contribute to a better evaluation of the directors’ recommendation.
