> A recent sales study indicates that consumption of seafood dishes in Bay City restaurants has increased by 30 percent during the past five years. Yet there are no currently operating city restaurants whose specialty is seafood. Moreover, the majority of families in Bay City are two-income families, and a nationwide study has shown that such families eat significantly fewer home-cooked meals than they did a decade ago but at the same time express more concern about healthful eating. Therefore, the new Captain Seafood restaurant that specializes in seafood should be quite popular and profitable.
>
> Write a response in which you discuss what specific evidence is needed to evaluate the argument and explain how the evidence would weaken or strengthen the argument.

In the argument, the author conclude that open the new Captain Seafood restaurant that specializes in seafood should be quite popular and profitable. To justify the conclusion, the author mentions that the consumption of seafood dished in Bay City restaurants has increased by 30% during the past five years and no currently operating city restaurant which is focus on selling seafood. Moreover, the author given a result of nationwide study, which has shown that the families, which eat much fewer home-cooked meals than they did ten years ago, show considerably concern about their eating habit. Yet, the argument is unpersuasive as it stands because the author has failed to provide sufficient evidence to substantiate his conclusion. 



First, the author should examine other factors that could lead to an unpopular and profitless business if they open up a seafood restaurant. Since no competitive seafood specialized canteen in Bay City may not mean that the local requirement of seafood is in a high level. Given an evidence that the base number of requirement in seafood five year ago is low, which may due to the local people shown little interest in consuming seafood dishes. Although now, after a 30% increase, the number is still at a low level. The local restaurants are not willing to take seafood specialty into consideration because the vast majority residents in Bay City are not willing to consume seafood. Consequently, little profit can be generated from selling that kind of dishes. The conclusion, put forward by the author, “should be quite popular and profitable” is easy be falsified. Conversely, to strength the statement, the author has to prove that no factor could leads to an unpopular and profitless business if they open up a seafood canteen in Bay City. 



Second, there is evidence revealing possibilities that cause the difference between the nation and Bay City, which could prove that the outcome of nationwide study could not represent the status of Bay City. The evidence, for example, is that two-income families in Bay City always having dishes together at home due to good work life balance in Bay City. Yet the families do not like to eat at home, they may prefer high calories food or high fat food, which because the residents in Bay City do not care too much about their eating habit. Therefore, any of these possibilities would render the policy of opening a new seafood restaurant in Bay City is profitable and popular counterproductive and thereby weakens he argument. Hence, the conclusion should be carefully evaluate the practicality of the attempt on this project. Conversely, if the opposite is true, the author’s argument is practical.  



Third, granted that opening of new Captain Seafood restaurant in Bay City in the future will attract many citizens and no competing restaurant. Additional evidence can be given, which proves that the business cannot be profitable. As an example, to run a business of selling seafood dishes in Bay City cost highly, since the raw materials like fishes and crabs need to be imported from other cities or even countries, which could yield a sky-high food delivery cost. In this case, it would dissuade the author from advising someone to open a seafood restaurant in Bay City. On the other hand, if some sources of seafood product near Bay City can be found, it will bolster the author’s argument. In sum, the evidence that the author argument dose not  provide conclusive information about the opening of Captain Seafood restaurant. 



As a result, we demand additional information to better evaluate the author’s conclusion.