> The following appeared as part of an article in a business magazine.
>
> "A recent study rating 300 male and female Mentian advertising executives according to the average number of hours they sleep per night showed an association between the amount of sleep the executives need and the success of their firms. Of the advertising firms studied, those whose executives reported needing no more than 6 hours of sleep per night had higher profit margins and faster growth. These results suggest that if a business wants to prosper, it should hire only people who need less than 6 hours of sleep per night."
>
> Write a response in which you examine the stated and/or unstated assumptions of the argument. Be sure to explain how the argument depends on these assumptions and what the implications are for the argument if the assumptions prove unwarranted.

There was a study conducted by an advertising firm, which showed a positive correlation between the success of executives and less than 6 hours of sleep per night. The conclusion from the study made by the author - the firm should hire only people who need less than 6 hours of sleep per night - is flawed as it suffers from several unreliable assumptions, which, if proven unwarranted, would challenge the author's conclusion.

First, The author believes that the study conducted by the advertising firm is accurate. Hence, he assumes that there are no other influential factors in that study. However, it could be inaccurate because the capital behind that advertising firm is eager to lead a trend of less sleep among the employees. Therefore, the study is designed to mislead other firms to hire an employee with less than 6 hours of sleep. However, since there is no evidence to bolster the assumption, the author's statement is unreliable.

Secondly, the author made an assumption that all businesses and industries would prosper if they hire people with less sleep. Although the result of the study which conclude that higher profit margins could be generated from that employee is accurate. However, the author's assumption is arbitrary. Only hiring people who need less than 6 hours of sleep per night may not prosper the business. For example, in the airline industry, pilots need enough sleep to be capable of flying the aircraft. Otherwise, damaging air crash would happen and hence the airline company may be sued. Eventually, little profit would be generated. Therefore, the suggestion of hiring people with less sleeping time is weakened.

To sum up, whether hiring people who sleep less than 6 hours could prosper the business is still worth further investigation. The answer could turn out to be positive, but only after the author can reasonably demonstrate the validity of his assumptions by offering more compelling evidence.