> Fifteen years ago, Omega University implemented a new procedure that encouraged students to evaluate the teaching effectiveness of all their professors. Since that time, Omega professors have begun to assign higher grades in their classes, and overall student grade averages at Omega have risen by 30 percent. Potential employers, looking at this dramatic rise in grades, believe that grades at Omega are inflated and do not accurately reflect student achievement; as a result, Omega graduates have not been as successful at getting jobs as have graduates from nearby Alpha University. To enable its graduates to secure better jobs, Omega University should terminate student evaluation of professors.
> 
> Write a response in which you discuss what specific evidence is needed to evaluate the argument and explain how the evidence would weaken or strengthen the argument.

Omega University implemented a new evaluation system that enables students to evaluate their professors. However, the employability of Omega University's graduates went down these years. Hence, a suggestion of terminating the procedure of student evaluation of their professors is given to enhance the competitiveness of their graduates in job markets. The author presents several arguments - such as a 30 percent increase in students' average grades at Omega University, and higher employability at nearby Alpha University - to consolidate the decision he made. Yet, the argument is unpersuasive because the author failed to provide sufficient evidence to substantiate his conclusion.

First, the author needs to examine other reasons for the rising average grade. In evaluating the author's assumption that the new evaluation procedure causes a rising overall grade of the student in Omega University. We may not attribute the 30 percent increase in students' average grades to the new procedure of evaluating the teaching effectiveness of all the professors at Omega University. It may be because students studied more to cover all the topics in exams to get a higher grade. There is an alternative possibility that the increased grade is not related to that evaluation system. Hence, the author's suggestions are weakened. Conversely, to enhance his statement, the author has to prove that no other reasons that lead to a higher GPA other than that evaluation process.

Second, more evidence about Alpha University's higher employability needs to be given by the author to enhance his view of the less competitiveness of graduates due to the evaluation process. However, A higher employability in Alpha University may not be correlated to Alpha University's refusion to adopt the professor evaluating system. For example, students at Alpha University may have more internship experiences and have more practical abilities for their occupation. Hence, the author's suggestion that to enable Omega University's students to higher employability, the University should terminate student evaluation of professors is weakened. On the contrary, if the author can prove that the higher employability is due to the accuracy of GPA at Alpha University, his argument can be strengthened.

Third, even though Alpha University's higher employability is due to the accuracy of the GPA of their students. To terminate student evaluation does not mean that the students at Omega University could have a better job. It is possible that the students here prevalently lack practical abilities and they only focus on the knowledge they learned from the lecture. Maybe the real reason for the lacking of employability is due to these rather than the accuracy of their GPA. Hence, the author's statement is weakened. On the other hand, if the author provides evidence indicating that there is no other reason that leads to this phenomenon, his argument will be enhanced.

In sum, the evidence that the author quotes does not provide conclusive information about the termination of student evaluation of professors. As a result, we demand additional information to better evaluate the author's conclusion.
