
> Some people clam that you can tell whether a nation is great by looking at the achievements of its rulers artists, or scientists. Others argue that the surest indicator of a great nation is in fact, the general welfare of all its people.
>
> Write a response in which you discuss which view more closely aligns with your own position and explain your reasoning for the position you take. In developing, and supporting your position you should address both of the views presented.


Globalization has been prevalent nowadays, people from developed countries as well as developing countries are eager to find out a standard to evaluate the rightness of the economic system and the work conducted by the politicians in their country to establish a benchmark and to generate suggestions to other countries. Hence, various indicators have arisen to justify the influence and greatness of a nation. Some people believe that the definition of a great country is its development in military force, culture, and science while other believe that the general welfare of all its people weighs most. 

To begin with, the general welfare of all its citizens of a country is one of the predominant indicators of the greatness of the country. It is straightforward that a great country should reserve welfare for its citizens. As an ancient Chinese proverb goes: water can carry a boat, it can also swallow that boat. It means welfare and quality of life of citizens are predominant to a stable rule. This ancient saying is cited by Xunzi, his articles were used to educate the ancient emperors to make a balance between citizens' lives and central affairs. Indeed, citizens' welfare is one of the most important fundamental factors that the rulers should consider at first place to maintain a peaceful nation.

However, a great country can be defined as a country with great military force. The permanent members of the United Nations - US, Russia, China, UK, and France - selected by countries around the globe after World War II, are inherently selected as permanent members due to their military force - their capability of nuke. Moreover, countries having strong military capabilities hardly ever had domestic battlefields during the modern war. Therefore, these great countries can ensure the security of their people's lives and properties from the invasion of other countries. For example, due to the primary stage of revolution from the traditional rule of the Qing dynasty, the number of warships and armies for national defense is significantly low. During World War II, northeastern China has been almost occupied by the Japanese troops, people were killed and villages were pillaged. People struggled to survive the invasion, they ate wild herbs and lived in shabby vestiges. People's quality of life cannot be ensured. Hence, if a country can be recognized as great, it must have enough force of military to protect its citizens from turbulence.

Moreover, science development is also one of the predominant factors in judging a country's greatness. It is well known that during the Cold War, there has been great progress in science development no matter in astronomy, electronics, and physics. The competition between the US and USSR drove the advancement of science and technology. The two great nations both launched spacecraft, which made it possible that human beings can step onto the Moon. The great development in astronomy also creates the foundation for nowadays prevalence of satellite communication. Meanwhile, the quick development of electronics has opened up the era of information communication technology. The very first Computer Network is created for military purposes in the US during the Cold War, such networks were then applied among the Universities for academic purposes and with interconnected computers and servers, eventually becoming the Internet. These technological advancements came true thanks to these great nations. It is plausible that scientific development is an indicator of the greatness of a country.

To conclude, there is nothing wrong with a great nation that should maintain the general welfare of its citizens. However, it is not accurate that the general welfare of people is the surest indicator. When defining a great nation from the perspective of progressive contribution to the development of mankind. It is more reasonable to take the development of national defense and science into consideration. Indeed, because of these advancements, the general welfare of citizens can be maintained. 

* 640 Words